And everyone.
So let's try this problem called.
Best time to buy and sell stock for it.
So it is going forward because there are some other versions of it, which is one, two, three and
five also.
Feel free to try all the versions that you want to.
And I'm just taking this problem in this course because it's a dynamic programming problem.
It will learn a lot in this because this is another type of partitioning problem where we have to pick
something and then sell something and you know, we can do it exactly great times or get more skewed
names.
Let's see, you're given an integer area.
Prices where prices are a is the price of the given stock on day eight and an integer find the maximum
profit you can achieve.
You may complete at most transaction very simple rate before everyday.
You know the prices of this stock and.
We have indicated this.
It means I have the capacity of completing at most key transactions in a particular length rate.
So this is a real life situation in this case.
Transactions the.
Foundation.
It is.
It is mostly like we cannot, you know, sell and buy again and again a lot of time.
So there are donations here and these are small loans.
And this is important.
You may not engage in multiple transactions simultaneously.
That is, you must sell the stock before you buy again.
Very easy, right?
That means if you have purchased this dog, you must sell it first and then only you can buy it in in
this stock.
So you cannot buy two stocks first and then sell it later.
But of course, feel free to try the problem, even if, let's say, the node was not there and you
are allowed to buy multiple stocks and then sell them later.
Just feel free to try the problem that way.
Right.
It will be a new problem for.
In Buddhist to a letter case to in price.
It is true for one low.
What is clear here is the number of up at most gate on the auction.
What is the transaction here but just are discussing this very quickly.
Let's understand of this understanding but first is to so to for one day that means outward is to why
is output to because you buy on day one and sell only to basically I but is it for to rupees I said
it for for would be so it is give me a profit of one minus to is to eight.
Similarly for here we have get goes to to.
Crisis.
Idly you saw that we performed two transactions.
But when I see that selling is one transaction and buying is one transaction, or selling and buying
the same stock is one transaction.
So that's a good question because.
This question only makes this partisan problem.
Let's hope so.
Let's to the second input and it is gigawatts to do.
These are the prices.
So what's the explanation?
Explanation sees you buy only two and sell on day three eight.
So this is give me a for profit while then you buy only five and sell on the.
Six eight that means now is giving a profit of three.
So the total properties three replace parade.
So now here you can see if I see that selling is one transaction and purchasing is another transaction,
then the profit is.
But then the total number of transactions is bought but the total transactions allowed it to write to.
From this, I understood that one transaction is equal to one buy plus one sell eight.
So that's what if I'm performing?
Let's say I picked up something, I purchased it and I sell it after some point of time.
That's one partition of the 88.
So after that I have to decide what the remaining at it.
Now let's I have j minus one transactions to make.
Now tell me what.
Is the maximum profit you're getting.
This problem seems very simple.
And let's figure out the dynamic programming state.
So let's see.
Okay.
3265038.
So basically, what does the problem see?
What any particular day?
I have three options.
So the what is the first option?
I can not do anything.
Neither Biden nor right wing.
Neither by.
Not that it's so this is one that means I can I can leave some partitions empty also that I'm not performing
any transactions in that regard.
Second option for any of these items that I can have is I'll buy it.
You can buy the item.
By the item, by this destock and what is the condition in buying?
You can have this one condition that is previously.
You must not have buy any stock.
Then only you can buy the current stock.
Right.
So.
So basically, let's say.
I went.
Anything.
Then only I can buy this stock.
And the second condition is you have transaction, which this case should be greater than or equal to
one.
Correct.
If you have transactions, then only you can buy a stock grade and the sacredness.
Okay.
The third point here is you can sell the stock.
And sell the current stock or any of these all.
We have all these three options with some conditions.
Okay.
So when can I sell the stock?
I can only sell the stock if I have buy.
If I buy the stock.
If I bought the stock late or if I bought the stock previously, then only if bought.
I can sell this dog, right?
So in this case, I'm not adding greater than or equal to one buy, because if I have bought a stock,
that means give us greater than equal to one.
So when I sell the stock, I simply remove K by one h.
So what I'm doing is at the time of purchasing, I'm not.
Implementing it.
I'm saying, okay, opportunity did great.
When you sell, I just make k minus one rule, then I'll remove one transaction it.
So in this case, I can take a close to minus four.
That means I have absolute and I have moved on and I made one transaction.
So when I start from the first review, what I'll say is, okay, let, let me take.
Okay.
DP The second thing is, I want to know whether I purchase the stock or basically I want to know whether
I want to sell the current stock or I want to buy the current stock, right?
So here I can use a boolean value.
It's called Boolean.
And let's each bite which will tell me.
So if my is true, that means I can only buy this current stock, right?
If by false that means I can only sell the current stock because I've already purchased something.
So I just ask some boolean value by which is which will tell me whether I can buy or sell the current
stock.
This first option is can can be performed.
I can neither buy or sell the stock if I want to write.
But the but these two options depend on one thing that is, I can only pursue this talk if I haven't
bought it.
That means this whole buy should be false.
But it would be should be through eight.
So through that means I'm going to buy the stock and sell the stock if bought.
That means in this case, buy should be false.
Right.
And the third thing is get the number of transactions I have left to make.
Here I have these three conditions, but all these values, I'll just perform these three conditions.
And let me just quickly write.
What does the current state mean?
It just means for.
Let's.
Let's go.
Hmm.
Okay.
So for the.
Prices.
I do a fix of all the remaining Eddie the left Eddie from starting from my two and eight for these are
for this area.
Tell me what's the best.
Best profit.
If I you know, if I buy or sell it, this will decide the current element.
This will decide.
And this really is 85.
How many transactions?
Right.
So if I have.
Their transactions.
Possible.
Or instead okay let's say at most transactions possible late because I can also make zero transaction.
It said the adage is increasing only.
That means I have to perform some zero transactions.
Otherwise my answer will be negative.
I can perform zero transactions.
I don't want to win loss.
It's only asking about the profit or loss rate.
So for the first part, I'm in this part, what would be are the girls evolution.
If I'm if I'm on some particular value and whatever is the value of whether I'm buying it or selling
it.
Like if I'm on the selling video buying spree and decade on the Sinclair right.
And I don't want to do another sell or buy this dog, then what I can do is I can simply say.
That.
Okay.
Don't worry.
Just tell me if I'm not buying or selling.
Just tell me.
I just simply ignored it.
Right?
I simply say, okay, from this cell from the next day, they just tell me whatever the values was via
was in, let's say this fall, then it will be false.
If it is true, that is true.
Right?
Because I'm either selling it and or buying it.
The state remains the same and getting into eight.
This will be the state for the first case.
What about the second case in which I'm buying this stock?
For the second case, there should be two conditions.
That is, case should be greater than equal to.
One.
And the second condition is I should be able to do.
Right.
But when this is when both these conditions are true, then what I'll do is will simply say, okay,
let's buy this stock right?
When I'm buying a stock, that means I am actually.
Or choosing a name.
That means my profit is going in the negative because I am purchasing it right now.
That means I'm spending the money when I'm buying a stock.
I just subtracted.
As you can see in the example, if I posted the stock of price to say I'm the same for minus two rate.
What I'll do is I say minus prices.
You then put using it.
My property is going in negative right now because I've partnered with my money's going rate.
The minus price is a plus.
Now tell me, what is the best answer for the remaining at it for the remaining days if I want to.
Sell right for sale.
What I can say is false.
I will be false not because I want to sell it.
And the transactions will be given the right now because I said right when I performed one by invention,
then I remove K by one.
So let's make key as it is.
Well, for the third case, case should be okay.
We don't have a condition of 4K on the third case.
Right.
Because if I have bought it and I'm selling it if buy is equal to false.
That means I want to sell it to everybody that goes before it's compulsory that gay should have been
greater than equal to one earlier.
That's why I'm able to say I was able to purchase the stock and I'm selling it.
In this case, what will happen?
I will add, because now I want to sell the current stock.
I say prices.
Plus a be a plus one.
And now again, I want to buy a stock.
Eight.
And transactions remain by.
Tell me, what's the best answer for the remaining area?
If I want to now buy this stock and the transactions are k minus one.
So this is my very simple recursive relation that I have had to do.
And what it will do is it will actually buy stock somewhere, sell it somewhere.
That will be one partition of memory and buy this stock somewhere else, sell it somewhere else, and
there will be another partition of it.
Basically, it is dividing.
Okay, let me give you an example.
Me make things more clear.
What 326503.
What?
I have.
Yeah, this.
This is one partition.
Here I am, doing nothing.
Here.
I purchased it, and here I sold it.
Again here.
I'm doing nothing here.
I purchased it and here I sold it.
And so this C -0 and six minus two and it is giving me seven.
So you can see that.
How good is dynamic programming?
It can help.
You saw lots of problems.
Well, here this this condition is not satisfied, right?
That is and it's not mentioned in the problem.
That is the partitions should be continuous eight.
For example, if I'm buying a stock, I'm selling it, then I have to buy it in stock and then sell
it later.
That means I cannot there shouldn't be the days where I'm not.
There should only be a partition, which I'm completely skipping.
Eight.
So what if you try that problem yourself?
Just think about it.
Maybe.
Maybe that is.
Best time to buy and sell stock five.
I'm not sure, but maybe it is.
But just I we understood the follow problem of this and there shouldn't be any partitions which remain.
Empty.
The complete partition that remains empty.
So every all the partition should be continues.
Eight.
So it scored it in the next fight.
Thank you.